dating section relationship the
science of don't you want to
know what bill nye the science
guy thinks of sex
oh I do
that's right now at what my good
friend Bill Nye has to say about
sex when it comes to sex
we're all animals sex is how you
pass your genes into the future
it's evolutions way of providing
innovation new traits new colors
new shapes for most animals they
have sex during a single season
single time of year it's just
something you got to get done if
you're a living thing on earth
its business when it comes to
humans
we want to have sex all the time
procreation smoke creation
apparently the same evolutionary
processes that gave us this Big
Brain allowed us to predict the
future and see what a burdensome
situation sex can put you in
so along with that evolutionary
processes created this super
hard drive to have sex anytime
anywhere
actually there's a great deal of
evidence now that all kinds of
different animals get pleasure
from having sex
now why would that be well
evolution is what determines our
size and shape how tall we are
hair color and so on
apparently it also determines
what we feel our emotions so by
getting pleasure out of sex
we are driven to have sex and
pass our jeans on
I mean check this guy out there
is something going on in this
boy pandas mine when he looks at
the girl panties thinking
vive la difference or long live
the difference in fact that's
the essence of this without sex
your jeans would live long at
all
well you know all this talk
about sex is making me hungry
wait this element all this talk
about sex is making me horny
yeah give it up the bill
yeah